#	ModulesMaize Plant Discipleship (MPD) is a learning resource, consisting of 16 modules, published in digital format to facilitate [translation] and [republication] as a series of low-cost handbooks. Accordingly, [files] in the [MPD-Distribution] repository are distributable for the purposes of facilitating translation and republication, under the terms of a Creative Commons Licence[^CCL].##	FilesPublished modules (handbooks) are being [distributed digitally][MPD-Distribution], with principal document files named per the convention: `MPD-Mn`, where n is from 1-16. Hence, `MPD-M4` represents `Maize Plant Discipleship Module 4`. (Note: image files are not named according to this convention.)###	Derivation and formatMPD is authored in [Scrivener], from whence it is compiled (exported) respectively, in the following formats:-	`*.md` — MultiMarkdown[^mmd], see [Translation]-	`*.tex` — PDF LaTex[^latex], used to generate high-quality PDF files-	`*.pdf` — Portable Document Format, for distribution and republication (printing).Note: MultiMarkdown and LaTex files are distributed with associated image files.Files in the following formats may be included in distributions, as a boon (*i.e. undocumented; unsupported*):-	`*.html` — Hyper-Text Markup Language , for offline reading, using standard internet web browsers-	`*.ePub` etc.##	TranslationMultiMarkdown files are particularly useful for translation, since they provide a highly structured document which can be easily followed by translators. If the translation adopts the same structure, it facilitates the production of high-quality PDF files (using PDF-LaTex) and HTML files that closely echo the source text in the original language.The [MPD-Distribution wiki] documents how to fork the entire [MPD-Distribution] repository. This has numerous advantages, including allowing translators to: -	work online or offline, with dedicated GitHub tools that preserve and document all files changes, so that changes can be tracked and reverted.-	work collaboratively with a team, including the author of MPD;-	push completed, forked translations back into the MPD-Distribution repository, allowing others to benefit from the translated resource;Alternatively, a less technical solution is to download the files directly, from the [MPD-Distribution] page, for off-line use.##	RepublicationPDF files provide a high-quality digital file, formatted ready-to-print. ###	Print formatMPD handbooks are designed to be printed economically as A5-format books, stitched (stapled), rather than bound, with a lightweight cover.-	I.e. 2-up A5 pages, printed double-sided on A4 paper.-	A maximum no of 56 internal pages, equating to 14 sheets of (double-sided) A4.##	Further Information-	See [MPD-Distribution wiki][Scrivener]: http://www.literatureandlatte.com/scrivener.php[MPD-Distribution]: http://johnbrc.github.io/MPD-Distribution[MPD-Distribution wiki]: https://github.com/johnbrc/MPD-Distribution/wiki[^CCL]: [Creative Commons](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)  provides a licence allowing distribution of MPD resources, for the purposes of translation and re-publication, without breaching copyright, providing licence terms are followed.[^mmd]: [Multimarkdown](http://fletcherpenney.net/multimarkdown) is a plain-text language both human- and computer-readable, useful for generating LaTex, PDF, HTML and DOCX files.[^latex]:  [LaTex](http://www.latex-project.org) is a sophisticated typesetting language, capable of producing high quality PDFs from plain MultiMarkdown text.